chore: x/gov v1 API audit changes (#11474)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/gov/spec/03_messages.md

* Record `Vote` of sender

> _Note: Gas cost for this message has to be taken into account the future tallying of the vote in EndBlocker._

Reviewer: the initial version was fine
```suggestion
_Note: Gas cost for this message has to take into account the future tallying of the vote in EndBlocker._
```
